"# Project1-Clock" 

In this project I was tasked with making a 12- hour and 24-hour clock. I had to make a menu to make the clock work by adding increments of one hour, one minute, or one second. The menu also had the option to exit the program. When adding either option the clock had to update to both the 12-hour and 24-hour format. What I feel that I did well was the part of the starting point of the main code where everything came together. It was clean and precise, and all the functions were already set up in their appropriate sections. So, when the time came to add everything to the main () function I did not need to add new lines of code or calculations apart from the while loop for the user to start using the program. The way I would enhance this code would be to have the clock function and update in real time. The most challenging parts of this project that I feel like I still need to work on is adding more comments to better explain my code. Another challenge I had was that when testing out my clocks the time kept staying as the 24-hour format for both the 12-hour and the 24-hour clocks.  Also, when it would reach 13 (1pm) it would reset back to 12. The way that I overcame this challenge was by signing up for a tutoring session. My issue was that the function I had was affecting both the 12-hour and 24-hour, when I only wanted the 12- hour to be affected. I ended up fixing it and was able to get the time to print out correctly. The skills for this project that I feel I used and will always carry to other course work and projects, are the industry standards best practices with naming conventions that made my code easier to read and understand. As well as the different functions that were used to set up each purpose in the project. 
